We have already seen what are the
benefits of Power Launch Formula.
What happens is that within Power
MBA there are people in situations
and with very different goals and
we will analyze them and we will
see how Power Launch Formula helps
each of them.
We will rely on the four customer
person we use internally,
this is a theme of our,
in the Power MBA.
We have identified these customer person
and what we have done has been
adapting the campaigns, adapting
the proposal and more.
So what I encourage you is to
identify which of them you
are.
They are four, they are dreamer, they are
entrepreneur, they are entrepreneur and
they are managers.
Let's start with the dreamer.
Dreamer is a person who has a dream
and wants to change their life.
Usually what they want is to undertake,
what they want is to have more freedom,
what they want to be their own
bosses, regardless
of the situation they are in,
although almost everyone
has work.
Some have a family business
or whatever, but everyone
has a dream.
Within this customer person we can
identify two, some already have
ideas or have an idea in the head
that they want to put in place but
have not started and others
do not have the idea.
But it doesn't matter because what
unites them is that they haven't
gotten in the way.
And we will analyze what the pains
are, what is what hurts them or in
this case what is what stops them.
Why have they not started?
And almost everyone is afraid to
fail, they are afraid to lose their money,
they are afraid to leave their job,
they are afraid that that idea they
have doesn't make sense and in addition
or in some cases they don't even know
how to start.
Then Powerlands Formula will
help them turn those
dreams into dreamer,
to pursue their dreams and
to make them successful.
And how?
There are many ways, but I will highlight
three.
One is that it helps them identify ideas
and validate those ideas from the perspective
of whether those ideas are
for them.
There must be a match there.
This is also very important, it
is a huge benefit, it helps
dreamers to take the first
steps with very little risk.
This is completely different, you
don't have to take any real risk.
You will have to invest time, obviously,
some effort and maybe some
money, but really we're going
to minimize that as much
as possible.
We love helping dreamers because
we understand that situation,
because we've all been in
that situation.
You want to change your life but you don't
know what to do, you don't know
where to start, you're scared.
Well we did it and now it makes
us really happy to share
this method we have learned
with people to help
them do the same.
Now we go to entrepreneurs.
With those who are already entrepreneurs
and this means with those who have taken
the first steps, they have already
assumed some risk, they have already
invested time, money and it doesn't
matter if you have raised a
round with half a million euros or
you are making the website and you
have spent 3,000.
It doesn't matter, the subject is, you
are an entrepreneur if you have started,
you have taken the first steps
but you haven't yet reached product
market fit, it's that you don't
sell millions, you're not in that
stage of scaling, but the important
thing is that, it's people who
are on the way and they are already
taking risk, so if there is a
customer person for whom Power Launch
Formula is more than recommended,
it's for these because they
are playing life.
The one who has already taken his
first steps between doing things
well and ending up being a successful
entrepreneur with all that that
means or having a profitable business
from which to live well as he
wants, to do things badly or
to do things well and fail or that
you have a business that is a suffering,
that it is self-employment,
that you are a slave of your
company, because it is to imagine
what changes the movie.
We know hundreds of cases of
entrepreneurs because we are close
to many and I want to make clear
one thing, almost all make the same
mistake and is that they are concerned
in this phase when they take the
first steps before reaching Product
Market Feed, we say it to satiety
because it is very important,
they are concerned about things
that are not important, they
are concerned about pushing that
product, for making better
campaigns, for making deals,
for making noises in social
networks, for looking for suppliers,
for technology, I don't know,
for making a business plan, for
giving with a Business Angel,
for making a pitch deck, is
that all that has no importance,
the only thing that matters
to you and the only thing you
have to occupy until you
reach Product Market Feed
is to look for it and it's
not what I say, it's what
people most know
By the way, and even if it is a
bit drastic, we do not want to
know anything about the projects
of entrepreneurs that do not make
Power Launch Formula and it is not
a topic to force people to buy it,
but what you have to understand
is that when we help entrepreneurs
it implies an effort, then the
minimum we demand is that the
entrepreneur do everything in his
hand to do things well and in
this case it is very easy, what
he has to do is apply Power Launch
Formula and avoid making
the mistakes that everyone
makes and that we are seeing
that everyone is doing.
We go with the third of the customer
person, many of the Power MBAs,
a high percentage are entrepreneurs
and we call entrepreneur
all those who live from their company
or their business, there are some
who have a company that bills 100
million euros and there are others
that what they are freelance
and have small or that self-
employment, it doesn't matter.
The issue is that for all these
Paints are the same, their challenges
are the same, regardless
of whether they charge 200 thousand
euros or 100 million, everyone
wants their company to grow,
everyone wants to innovate,
have larger companies
that scale, that value
more, etc.
So, how will Power Launch Formula
help them?
Because it will help them in different
ways, it will help them innovate within
their current model, because imagine
launching new products or
evolving something in their proposal,
it will also help them to make more
drastic innovations within their business
model and it will help them to
launch new companies, which
would be a greater degree of
diversification.
I think almost all
businessmen have a lot of
ideas when they
do the strategy area,
when they use the business
model canvas, etc.
Entrepreneurs are like that, we are
constantly thinking about doing different
things.
Well, Power Launch Formula will help
you turn those ideas that have
come up with you into reality,
maximizing the guarantees
of success.
And finally, we go with the last of
the customer people, and it is what
we call managers, we do not call
them managers because they are managers,
but because they are people who
want to have professional success
on behalf of others, who want
to speed up their professional
career, who want at some point to
have positions of responsibility,
enjoy with what they do,
be well paid, etc.
It is easy to understand.
Well, and I'll go back to the
previous three.
The three previous are dreamer,
entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs.
They are all really playing it.
Life will change if you do
things right or you are not
playing life.
To all of these I really tell you that
it is crazy not to rely on Power Launch
Formula, not to take advantage of it.
With the little effort it
takes in terms of time and money
is crazy not to do so.
But for the executives, life won't
change them so much.
I like to be completely honest.
I highly recommend them to others.
To managers, what I tell them is,
if you like business, if you like
marketing, if you like innovation,
if you want to be a more valuable
professional, support Power
Launch Formula.
It is a very valuable knowledge, very
transformative.
It won't change your life like
the previous ones.